Update API Query Language.md (#816)
wix-incubator/wix-rest-docs: guides/API Query Language.md

  "sort": [ ... ],
  "paging": { ... },
  "fields": [ ... ],

>   "fieldsets": [ ... ],

Author: ```suggestion
  "aggregations": [ ... ],
   "fieldsets": [ ... ],
```

- "NESTED": Calculates multiple aggregations, of any type, nested within one aggregation, allowing you to first group data using one aggregation, and then apply another aggregation within each group.
- "RANGE": Calculates the count of the values from the specified field in the dataset that fall within the range of each defined bucket.
  - `rangeBuckets`: categories for grouping data. Each bucket must have one range bound:
    - `from`: Inclusive lower bound of the range. 
    - `to`: Exclusive upper bound of the range.
- "SCALAR": Calculates a single numerical value from a dataset, such as the total sum, average, min, or max, summarizing the dataset into one key metric.
- "VALUE": Calculates metrics such as count for specific fields within a dataset.
  
## The `search` section (Search object only)
With `search`, you can filter for specific text within any searchable field, using the following:
- `mode`: How to combine multiple `expression` terms. Supported values: `AND`, `OR`. Default: `OR`.
- `expression`: Free text to search for.
- `fields`: Fields to search in. Use dot notation to specify json path. Default: All searchable fields.

> - `fuzzy`: Fuzzy search, enablinging search including typos, by a managed proximity algorithm. Default: FALSE.

Author: ```suggestion
- `fuzzy`: [Fuzzy search](https://www.techtarget.com/whatis/definition/fuzzy-search), enabling search including typos, by a managed proximity algorithm. Default: FALSE. 
```

  ]
}
```

## The `aggregation` section (Search object only)

> Aggregation is a search method for grouping data into various buckets (meaning, categories) and providing summaries for each bucket (meaning, facets). 

Author: ```suggestion
Aggregation is a search method that groups data into different categories (called buckets) and generates summaries for each category (referred to as facets).
```

Supported aggregation types: 

> - "DATE_HISTOGRAM": Calculates the count of time values from the specified field in the dataset fall within the defined time interval (hour, day, week, etc.) 

Author: ```suggestion
- `DATE_HISTOGRAM`: Calculates the count of time values from the specified field in the dataset fall within the defined time interval (hour, day, week, etc.) 
```

> - "NESTED": Calculates multiple aggregations, of any type, nested within one aggregation, allowing you to first group data using one aggregation, and then apply another aggregation within each group.

Author: ```suggestion
- `NESTED`: Calculates multiple aggregations, of any type, nested within one aggregation, allowing you to first group data using one aggregation, and then apply another aggregation within each group.
```

> - "RANGE": Calculates the count of the values from the specified field in the dataset that fall within the range of each defined bucket.

Author: ```suggestion
- `RANGE`: Calculates the count of the values from the specified field in the dataset that fall within the range of each defined bucket.
```

>   - `rangeBuckets`: categories for grouping data. Each bucket must have one range bound:

Author: ```suggestion
  - `rangeBuckets`: categories for grouping data. Each bucket must have at least one range bound:
```

    - `from`: Inclusive lower bound of the range. 
    - `to`: Exclusive upper bound of the range.

> - "SCALAR": Calculates a single numerical value from a dataset, such as the total sum, average, min, or max, summarizing the dataset into one key metric.

Author: ```suggestion
- `SCALAR`: Calculates a single numerical value from a dataset, with the total count, sum, average, min, or max, summarizing the dataset into one key metric.
```

> - "VALUE": Calculates metrics such as count for specific fields within a dataset.

Author: ```suggestion
- `VALUE`: Calculates the distribution of a specific field's values within a dataset. 
```

  
## The `search` section (Search object only)
With `search`, you can filter for specific text within any searchable field, using the following:

> - `mode`: How to combine multiple `expression` terms. Supported values: `AND`, `OR`. Default: `OR`.

Author: ```suggestion
- `mode`: How to handle multiple words in the `expression`. Supported values: `AND`, `OR`. Default: `OR`.
```

- `expression`: Free text to search for.
- `fields`: Fields to search in. Use dot notation to specify json path. Default: All searchable fields.
- `fuzzy`: [Fuzzy search](https://www.techtarget.com/whatis/definition/fuzzy-search), enabling search including typos, by a managed proximity algorithm. Default: FALSE. 

## The `timeZone` section (Search object only)

> UTC offset or IANA time zone. Valid values are ISO 8601 UTC offsets, such as +02:00 or -06:00, and IANA time zone IDs, such as Europe/Rome.

Author: ```suggestion
UTC offset or IANA time zone. Valid values are ISO 8601 UTC offsets, such as `+02:00` or `-06:00`, and IANA time zone IDs, such as `Europe/Rome`.
```
